everton brook never if you hit hard
but after calculating on the ball babel and
defense because the river was another
dog did you like the decision of the cup?
of Brazil's rooting for you
marcelo oliveira now returning to a
ball
good athletic player comes the ball by
up the area took bruno rodrigo
josue pro marcos rock there comes the
crossing came the ball over the goal
head
squid
athletic-go Athletic
O
near certainty of guilt
already the intersection
landmarks beach rock in the year stretched
all the popular and twisted to send the
ball to the net
the athletic jumped ahead in the
independence for the athletic 0 for
cruise to celebrate the year he already has
five goals in the cup of Brazil and this goal
important and makes the athlete jump
front in the independence decision
leonardo gaciba and the position of the year in
rocky junction crossing time
irregular set played malu in advance
in relation to the line of the penultimate defender
irregular goal
the great verb because with the merit of the
discussion of the irregular goal without the gaciba
and he already spoke but he is a player
impressive in the broad and participates in the
game to spare the cruise everton brook
led to the left foot of the beat
the area exploded in the
Vitor's chest and leaves the bottom row at
ball is left on the foot of the
dark artilleryman
Look, he just kicks hard, Victor.
surprised, he defended how he could
live the expectation of the second goal for the
athletic 0 for cruising brazil
date of the area concluded
leonardo silva the cat will try again
the middle school where the arms animation
moreno given leads pro tec in another role
good die cut look in the corner of the
Fábio's explosion sent the ball to
out
the fast maybe the ball would come out but in the
doubt because they know the flamengo caved
corner kick
it is more of a muscle problem but the
care in the small area punched the
ball the fuck goes after the ball tardelli
and the leonardo silva at 35 gave a
pike reached already did the dribble tried
pass the hall where you fought for the ball
for my son and she followed the move was
all his
She managed to pass the island.
passed by Ricardo there and gave a
bleached decided to risk and the ball went up
too far away from the goal and then asked
apologies
There the tardelli arm received took to the
left foot did not want to pass the
open a space to hit hard and hit
Fábio held firm
it's almost a corner kick.
he has this characteristic is the art
he is charging side- to- side with force to
area and sends over again
try to touch the product
the collection of rock marks
will be given the filled the foot nor gave time
for the fable to react
again the ball set by Carlos and
obstacle caught
the ball passed under the cloth
other
igor went near the fable and went to die
inside the goal
the mouse athletic
by the expressive advantage makes 2 to 0 in the
first game 2 for the athletic 0 for the
cruise second cup title goal
of Brazil
detail for car participation
Look, he was able to play again.
first
everton brook goes up led to
the left foot dropped the wind and the ball went out
bottom line
in the last move of it there dominated took
from left-hander victor was really
sliding brings still everton
brook
there the tardelli from first to the staff
douglas saints on the left lingle tried
make a doc tardelli martín ensured
the ball fell on the tardelli's foot
in a bid that could leave the athletic
very close to the champion trophy the touch
i again you saw the play on Tardelli
tardelli's hard kick must defend
an advantage he has won
off field he did not conquer out of
house looks the landmarks rock hit firmly
farc the insurance
the ball